Hello
A
Where are you located and what hours are you available typically?
Hi!
Nice to meet you .
I'm from serbia.
I'm available on 8.00am - 8.00p.m
For now, here is 9.00ap
A
9am?
yeah
sorry
ok, are you able to work a little now?
I can send you the project / task details we want consultation on. Then in turn, you can review it and propose how much time to complete your proposal / suggestion.
A
how does that sound?
yeah.
ok are you able to reply and get the proposed time back to me in the next hour or two?
ok here is our challenge
A

Task: We want to bulk load our elasticsearch cluster:
> SNS topic
> Kinesis Firehose
> Maybe event bridge

1.) We will need to transform the message before loaded into elasticsearch
2.) We have over 30 million records we want fast bulk load FIFO.
3.) We want to publish a bulk amound to the SNS topic, but we dont not want multiple copies of the same records sent.
4.) We want to predict how long to complete all 30 million records
5.) We also want to keep using the process for regular updating of elastic search.
I'm just receive.
Ah, I will check it now.
A
ok great i will be here waiting
thanks.
Hi, there?
A
hello
would you explain more detail what are you going to do with these 3 services?
If you can provide me work flow for you system, it's better for me
it is already explained.
your are the professional so we are expecting you to know
the best approach
A
database > sns ? > elasticsearch cluster
I got only you want to do something with over 30 million records
A
the best way to bulk load data from database to elastic search cluster
Ahh, just a moment
so how's about the sns topic?
A
what about it?
would you show or send me your database?
no all records, only 10~100 records
i dont have access to it, but i know it is aurora the message is very small
A
each record maybe 8 fields in json
you means database is SNS aurora?
we need to make sure once a record is published it will stay on the queue until ingested or put in error queue
A
yes 30 million rows in aurora database
when we load the bulk records in to elastic beanstalk, elastic search engine will make index for all records.
but there are several way to configure it..
of course it's not problem to load them into elastic beanstalk
elasticsearch not beanstalk
or wait..
A
so you are saying use beanstalk then load into elastic search
yeah
how is it loaded into beanstalk
A
SNS?
elastic beanstalk is elastic search engine that provided on AWS.
ok so hmm.. are you saying that we could essentially bind elastic beanstalk web environment to the aurora database
A
and elastic search will query it?
sure
A
hmm im not finding any documentation that suggests this. it seems elastic beanstalk is used for hosting and deploying webs.
I mean... no direct query for elastic beanstalk.
via web interdace
i dont understand what your are proposing. Can you explainly very clearly how your propose to get data from aurora to being searchable by elastic search?
A
I will pay you for your time. 1 hour and we can discuss details here
1 hours is not important
I think it's important understanding your requirements
ok its simple. Forget what I already mentioned.
1.) We need to ingest 30 millions of rows of data - into elastic search cluster.
A
so if you know a better way, let me know.
there is no problem for this
and then?
2.) We need to know step by step how to do it.
A
3.) We want it to be fast, FIFO, and when all data is loaded - we want elasticsearch cluster to mirror the database
what means FIFO?
first in first out? or ???
A
yes
about the mirroring, need to add one configuration when add records to elastic search engine
not so complex
ok this is after the bulk loading correct?
the search engine will connect directly to the aurora database?
A
or trigger the dataloading process
no connect toaurora database.
just copy to elastic search engine.
and if you need to add more data to aurora database, we have to add them to elastic search engine too
A
ok can you explain the bulk loading of elastic search? we need to transform the data before ingesting
you mean bulk adding to elastic search engine?
A
how do we get all the data into elastic search?
get all data?
wow
it's not good
A
all 30 million rows
why need to load all data from elastic engine?
A
no from RDS database > into elastic search
ahh
from rds to elastic search?
yes thats what ive said many times
A
RDS is Aurora same thing
slightly smiling face emoji
load all records from rds.
add all records with bulk command at one time to elastic search?
you want to see some code block to load it?
smile emoji
no not sure.. we are trying to decide
A
you have code sample to bulk load 30 million rows?
if you want, I can build the code block
A
it is able to compare rds to elastic search and add if not exist
of course can do it like that
hmm..
ok so we do the bulk load with this code you mention.
then after, there will be maintenance process using SNS to keep RDS in Synk with Elastic search
we will publish to SNS when a record is added or updated
we never delete
A
ok, yes, I want to see this code block. Can you explain what it is doing? And if it can transform data? Is it transactional / ACID?
I have to build the code block from now
would you pay for this work?
Yes, but I need to know what the code block will do. I am not clear about it
A
Can you clearly explain exactly what it will do?
I'll create new demo table,and then,
A
what technology will be used?
How is it transactional?
How will we be sure no records are duplicated?
How fast is it?
About Technology , I'll use express.
there is never duplicated.
becasue,
*because
*because
After build demo table,
ok how long before you have something I can see
A
and we can agree on 2 hours for this task? So we can chat in 2.5 hours or when you have something.
it'll take 5 hours.
ok so i will have it from you in about 6-7 hours
and before that, I need a light document of the detail so I can start on my UML Presentation
A
I am a senior developer so I understand a lot I just need to high level explanation so I can illustrate it to my manager
Congratulations, your bid has been awarded!
Click the Accept button below to start working.
This is an hourly project with a rate of $38.00 USD per hour. Accepting is free.
Accept
A
awaiting your reply
I never see the milestone.
Julius K. created a milestone
Milestone: 'Create code for using express to bulk load Aurora database table into elastic search cluster.'
Amount: $ 190.00 USD
perfect
I'll start right now.
great! lets begin with you sending me the high level explanation of what this process is.

If you can send me a document of the workflow using the relevant AWS icons that would be good.

Or you can send bullet points of the workflow from Step 1 > to Step XX
A
and also: I need to proposal for the maintenance of the database. Is that SNS > elastic search?
yeah
A
ok so here is everything in order:
1.) High Level explanation/document for illustration of workflow (30 mins)?
2) Code Block for bulk loading all Aurora data into elastic search cluster (4 hours)
3.) Document explaining the workflow to maintain the Elasticsearch database after the bulk load.

Can you confirm this.
J
Confirm
I confirm